a new squad miller always us of fu
13 ta with simone enrico danilo the year
style but you know the new friend not
confuse do not abandon that will list
team players of
apartments there though that are al
good danilo goalkeeper ruffier la
good French television 82 of tuff 87
so a lot of shooting well no
we go to the sea ​​but a bit
we have known each other with
friends call it conscious that it comes down
at best, a great desire for speed anyway
I think it's better than the defense
then re-enter the lot
nice lot sack in the territory
I do n't want to offend you friends has a
color is tough and is a bit Tuscan
bread because I panic there
will be cut fold memory from
title cloths anyway a moment to review
with a strong speed they make 84
though I knew it was diagonal, it was very strong e
finally abidal to complete the defense
he also dribbling 56 31 shooting goes
well we missed diarra hangs
attention will give me let me see the
france character where 80's shot of
but he also defended cubic feet
playing madrid and no dangers we have
swipe the other and the other of abu
dhabi has done 82 dribbles and boys
you really think that ab is like that
strong that they went to the bottom of the premises
intense
here it is again, let's start and what we want
you can
use bullshit makes with 5 weak foot 5 of
mass militants 5 of peter farm 4 of
fillet of all let me see for a moment
the name I would like to say the name of
this doing car deserves
very good after we can
put the other one that will inevitably be
fortissimo will deserve it presence that
find his own we arrive in the barclays i
two whites feel low and that if he sees
engines where watered for centuries
inline attention here ends at
nations the breeder does not have but
this is a strong team try it
really it thinks it is the end not unreasonably
would give the intervention with a long per cent
I realize that there was nothing so it goes
so good
leave me a little gray write me
like the next away then 13 life from
enrico danilo